* Vast changes in the way dependencies of static code are loaded: although `.cmm` files are still automatically loaded from the include path (`-I`), `.cmo` and `.cma` dependencies of static code must now be specified using the `-m` command-line flag. Since dependencies of dependencies must be specified as well, it can lead to rather large compilation commands. This is intended as a backward-compatibility feature, since hopefully dependency management in OCaml should soon evolve to loading `.cmo` files from path during linking, if Leo White's proposal for that gets accepted.

The changes made to dependency loading involved a bootstrap of the compiler, and a modification of the stdlib makefile (and 3 days of very painful debugging because of a line that hadn't been removed).
* A rebase on `trunk` was performed to avoind falling behind, but some work is necessary to get the native compiler running again (without trying to make it support macros yet) before the testsuite can be run.
* Static and runtime declarations can now be interleaved in the REPL. To achieve this, the symbol table used for linking now carries phase information (i.e. the symtable is now mapping (identifier, phase) pairs to positions in the global data array).
* Cross-stage identifiers may now be quoted inside toplevel splices. To do that, it was necessary to make the typechecker track the top-levelness of the current environment, but also to propagate upwards the set of cross-stage identifiers encountered in the environment. The only missing form of cross-stage persistence (CSP) left to implement is *path closures*.
* Redaction of a report about macros to motivate a second, 6-month internship, starting in September.
